Homework1:

Create a tuple literal named cardinal_numbers that holds the strings
"first", "second", and "third", in that order. 2. Using index notation and print(), display the string at index 1 in cardinal_numbers. 3. In a single line of code, unpack the values in cardinal_numbers into three new strings named position1, position2, and position3. Then print each value on a separate line. 4. Using tuple() and a string literal, create a tuple called my_name that contains the letters of your name. 5. Check whether the character "x" is in my_name using the in keyword. 6. Create a new tuple containing all but the first letter in my_name using slice notation.

Homework2:

Create a list named food with two elements, "rice" and "beans".
Append the string "broccoli" to food using .append().
Add the strings "bread" and "pizza" to food using .extend().
Print the first two items in the food list using print() and slice no tation.
Print the last item in food using print() and index notation.
Create a list called breakfast from the string "eggs, fruit, orange, juice" using the string .split() method. 7. Verify that breakfast has three items using len(). 8. Create a new list called lengths using a list comprehension that con tains the lengths of each string in the breakfast list


Homework 3:
      1.Write a Python program to get the smallest number from a list.
      2. Write a Python program to print a specified list after removing the 0th, 4th and 5th elements.
Sample List : ['Red', 'Green', 'White', 'Black', 'Pink', 'Yellow']
Expected Output : ['Green', 'White', 'Black']
      3. Write a Python program to calculate the difference between the two lists
      4. Write a Python program to find the index of an item in a specified list.
      5. Write a Python program to append a list to the second list.
      6. Write a Python program to find the second smallest number in a list.
      7. Write a Python program to find common items in two lists.
      8. Write a Python program to split a list into different variables
      9. Write a Python program to select the odd items from a list
     10. Write a Python program to replace the last element in a list with another list.
Sample data : [1, 3, 5, 7, 9, 10], [2, 4, 6, 8]
Expected Output: [1, 3, 5, 7, 9, 2, 4, 6, 8]